So, you've already learned about how charity or
a sewer networks have been used in a variety
of ways to generate new realistic beam rocking images given a set of training data.
So, this is pretty interesting because charity new data is a challenging task.
Say we have a bunch of training data that are images of cat faces.
It's not entirely clear.
How to make a new image of a cat but I can model,
can learn something about the underlying structure of this training data.
I've what colours and shapes that made up an image of a cat face.
As I incorporates some randomness like a random noise to create
an entirely new image that looks like it may have come from the training set.
Today, we are going to look at another task such games can be applied to.
That's image to image translation.
So, image to image translation covers a variety of computer vision applications,
that aim to look at an input image and produce a transformed image as output.
In computer vision and deep learning.
These applications include; semantic segmentation,
in which every pixel in the input image is labeled as a cast.
Like a car, bike,
person or background pixel and the edge of bounded detection.
So, given the input image such as funding the boundary of
a person's hand and these are both image in and image out tasks.
In computer graphics there are also a number of applications.
We often want to translate an image into a new domain with a desired property.
For example, automatically colouring
greyscale image or make a low-risk image much sharper.
These applications may look quite different at
first glance as they share a common structure.
One image as an input,
and another the desired output.
In other words, we are mapping an image from one domain to a new domain.
So, can we find a way to solve all these problems with well unified framework?
That's what this lesson will be all about.
First, we will talk about how we can best compell images and
our brief we'll go over the structure of a GAN and how it works.
Then we will go over how GANs are used in
two specific formulations that aim to do image to image translation.
Peaks two peaks and cycle GAN.
These two formulations learn to transform an input image
into a desired output and they can be applied to a variety of tasks.
So, let's get started.